enough ipod lovers there's some
competition on the block you're ready to
switch to the zune I don't know yet
andrew ross sorkin to the new york times
is here to give us a preview of
microsoft's entry into this row today is
the big day here it is it's a little
flashy for Microsoft this is the new
zoom the one of the ipod killer the real
question is can it kill the ipod and as
we know I pot on seventy percent of the
market this is a coming on day one track
trying to try to beat them out it does a
couple of things that are a little bit
cooler than the ipod but a lot of things
that probably aren't the cool things has
a radio in it if that means anything to
you but the real cool thing is it has
Wi-Fi so that if you have a june and i
have a zune we can trade music so that
that's sort of cool but it's heavier but
you got to find another soon you right
so microsoft is only is going to work
for microsoft if they have a real
critical mass so to speak in terms of
people who have this in otherwise it
doesn't work maybe the email with it
right no email no no it's just trading
songs so if you pull songs off of a
network if you have a mount of server
somewhere and you know as soon as you so
if you're in starbucks and I'm starbucks
and we see each other and not only that
it's not that I can see what you have
but then I actually have to go over and
say hey miles can you can you beam me
your song right and then I can play it
three times and then if I want to buy it
I can buy it so that's how it sort of
works but here's the part that's not
print there here's the thing cost the
same cost the same has the same amount
of memory and everything else but here's
the part that's not so cool if you have
bought songs on itunes on an apple for
example doesn't play here and even worse
if you've bought songs on Napster some
of the former Microsoft compliant
devices also doesn't work here so you
have to start your library all over
again unless you have it all on CD to
begin with so who do I think is going to
buy this because if a lot of people have
the ipod already doesn't seem to offer a
lot different that would make you say Oh
get rid of my ipod and buy this moon
well III think there is something to be
said about this kind of social
networking feature and I do think
there's a little bit of a backlash you
know against Apple in a sense Apple has
been Apple is the new monopoly Apple is
the new microsoft if you will of music
and I think there's a little
undercurrent of some folks who may say
you know what I'm not going to play that
I'm going to try this new thing so we'll
see may I show you my new shuffle right
see now that's the that's the thing
that's a lot sexier than this
right hello look at this it weighs
nothing it literally is the size of
matchbook and ways that 70 something
bucks so why would I buy that heavy
although I get a lot more song right and
you get the video life and you get the
video you know Microsoft in the end I'm
sure will come out with something I
don't know if it'll be that pretty but
something is that neat oh my god pretty
factor is a factor is I don't want to
listen in I could just put my family why
don't they get some decent design people
to make things look better Oh clunky
it's close no helmet